# Magic Chemistry
In Magic Chemistry, a player will be a member of a magical lab group that creates various potions. The player is expected to help their group by combining elements into a cauldron. Various equipment such as beakers, tubes, and filters to formulate the correct potion. The final potion value will be provided for the player. The potion will change colors as the player makes changes to the formula. This will allow the player to have a non-alphanumeric visual cue to help them determine what the steps are necessary next. If the player is struggling with a formula, a lab partner (NPC) may come over and give them a hint after a random period of time. After a few moments, the player may be allowed to “Ask for Help” where a lab partner (NPC) will walk the player through the steps to solve their potion.

When the player begins, they may only have access to a few operations and a limited set of outputs. However, as they prove their mastery, more operations will open up and allow for more complex potions. The potions may have operations that are locked in place that the player cannot avoid using which may also preclude the use of similar operations. Other potential advancements would be to use “faulty” equipment that have some variable associated with them, such as a leaky pipe.

The game will feature addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and modulo division. Since the game is meant for players to combine various numbers and operators, the game would utilize division operators as both a rounded-down form and using the remainders. This is to reduce the number of computations necessary to resolve a floating point number, but to also show that remainders are useful. 

## Unity Version 2017.3.1
